Blog post: Kubecon EU 2025 schedule (#6461)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/blog/2025/kubecon-eu.md

---
title:
  Join us for OpenTelemetry Talks and Activities at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon
  Europe 2025
linkTitle: KubeCon EU '25

> date: 2025-03-03

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2025-03-05
```

author: '[Tiffany Hrabusa](https://github.com/tiffany76) (Grafana Labs)'
# prettier-ignore
cSpell:ignore: Adevinta Aftab Arianna Baeyens Bartłomiej Boulineau Celalettin Cgroupv Chauhan codecentric Contribfest Cosmonic Geisendoerfer Guangya Hoeven Horovits Hrabusa Jiří Juraj Kalyanaraman Karemba Karthik Kasper Kathiresan kedify Keycloak Kimpel Kluwer Kokilavani Kovalenko Kowall Kremser Kruthika Liatrio Mancioppi Marylia Michálek MTTD Nilson Nissen Norimatsu Oberaigner observ Olly OTTL Paessler Pahlke Prasanna Płotka Querel Roubalik SCRM Simha Skyscanner Suereth Tanaka Vamerlatti Vespri Vijay Wolters Zbynek
---

The OpenTelemetry governance and technical committees, along with the project's
maintainers, invite you to join them and other members of the OpenTelemetry

> community at [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe] and at the co-located

Reviewer: ```suggestion
community at [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe][] ([registration][]) and at the co-located
```

  11:45 - 12:15
- **[Fluent Bit v4: A Decade of Innovation and What’s Next](https://sched.co/1ue2s)**<br>
  by Eduardo Silva, Chronosphere<br> Friday, April 4 • 13:45 - 14:15
- **[Smooth Scaling With the OpAMP Supervisor: Managing Thousands of OpenTelemetry Collectors](https://sched.co/1txID)**<br>
  by Evan Bradley, Dynatrace & Andy Keller, observIQ<br> Friday, April 4 •
  13:45 - 14:15
- **[Evolving OpenID Connect and Observability in Keycloak](https://sched.co/1td1c)**<br>
  by Ryan Emerson, Red Hat & Takashi Norimatsu, Hitachi<br> Friday, April 4 •
  14:30 - 15:00
- **[How To Supercharge AI/ML Observability With OpenTelemetry and Fluent Bit](https://sched.co/1txAi)**<br>
  by Celalettin Calis, Chronosphere<br> Friday, April 4 • 15:15 - 15:45

## Observability Day

[Observability Day] fosters collaboration, discussion, and knowledge sharing of
cloud native observability projects. This event will be held on Tuesday, April
1, 2025, from 9:00 - 17:25. There will be several sessions on OpenTelemetry as
well.

{{% alert title="Important access note" color="danger" %}}

You need an _in-person all-access_ pass for access to **Observability Day**. For

> details, see [KubeCon registration].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
details, see [KubeCon registration][registration].
```

> [kubecon registration]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[registration]:
```

>   https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/register/

Reviewer: Let's ad UTM tracking:

```suggestion
  https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/register/?utm_source=opentelemetry&utm_medium=all&utm_campaign=KubeCon-EU-2025&utm_content=blog
```

  [End User Feedback Session - Profiling](https://calendly.com/euwg-user-feedback-session/end-user-feedback-session-profiling?month=2024-03)
- **March 21st, 15:30-16:30:**
  [End User Feedback Session - Client-side](https://calendly.com/euwg-user-feedback-session/end-user-feedback-session-client-side)

A maximum of 5 participants will join one SIG maintainer to provide feedback for
that SIG. Sessions will be recorded and posted on the
[OTel YouTube channel](https://youtube.com/@otel-official).

We will create action items from your comments as appropriate. Check
[#otel-user-research] in CNCF's Slack instance for results and action item
updates to come after KubeCon EU.

Back by popular demand! We'll be recording
[Humans of OTel interviews](/blog/2023/humans-of-otel/) at the OTel Observatory.
If you'd like to share your experiences as an OpenTelemetry practitioner or
maintainer,
[sign up for an interview session](https://calendly.com/otel-euwg/humans-of-otel).

[#otel-user-research]: https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01RT3MSWGZ -->

Come join us to listen, learn, and get involved in OpenTelemetry. See you in
London!

[KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe]:

>   https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/?utm_source=opentelemetry&utm_medium=all&utm_campaign=KubeCon-EU-2025&utm_content=blog
```

---
title:
  Join us for OpenTelemetry Talks and Activities at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon
  Europe 2025
linkTitle: KubeCon EU '25
date: 2025-03-03
author: '[Tiffany Hrabusa](https://github.com/tiffany76) (Grafana Labs)'
# prettier-ignore
cSpell:ignore: Adevinta Aftab Arianna Baeyens Bartłomiej Boulineau Celalettin Cgroupv Chauhan codecentric Contribfest Cosmonic Geisendoerfer Guangya Hoeven Horovits Hrabusa Jiří Juraj Kalyanaraman Karemba Karthik Kasper Kathiresan kedify Keycloak Kimpel Kluwer Kokilavani Kovalenko Kowall Kremser Kruthika Liatrio Mancioppi Marylia Michálek MTTD Nilson Nissen Norimatsu Oberaigner observ Olly OTTL Paessler Pahlke Prasanna Płotka Querel Roubalik SCRM Simha Skyscanner Suereth Tanaka Vamerlatti Vespri Vijay Wolters Zbynek
---

The OpenTelemetry governance and technical committees, along with the project's
maintainers, invite you to join them and other members of the OpenTelemetry
community at [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe] and at the co-located
[Observability Day] in London from April 1 to 4, 2025.

> Read on to learn about all the things related to OpenTelemetry happening during
> KubeCon.
> 
> We will update this post as we receive notice of other activities. Check back
> for updates before the start of the conference!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This post covers all currently scheduled activities related to OpenTelemetry
that are happening during KubeCon. Check back for updates before the start of
the conference!
```

- **[Beyond the Ephemeral: Mastering Serverless Metrics at Scale With Shopify](https://sched.co/1u5kh)**<br>
  by Pedro Tanaka, Shopify<br> Tuesday, April 1 • 16:30 - 16:55
- **[The State of OpenTelemetry Profiling](https://sched.co/1u5ke)**<br> by
  Damien Matthieu, Elastic & Felix Geisendoerfer, Datadog<br> Tuesday, April 1 •
  16:30 - 16:55
- **[⚡ Lightning Talk: Unlocking Customer-Centric Observability: A Case Study of OpenTelemetry To Reduce MTTD < 3 Mins](https://sched.co/1u5kn)**<br>
  by Kokilavani Kathiresan, Intuit<br> Tuesday, April 1 • 17:00 - 17:10
- **[⚡ Lightning Talk: Who Are You? Solving the Container ID Resolution With Cgroupv2](https://sched.co/1u5kk)**<br>
  by Vincent Boulineau, Datadog<br> Tuesday, April 1 • 17:00 - 17:10
- **[⚡ Lightning Talk: Empowering OpenTelemetry Users With the OTTL Playground: Simplified Data Transformation and Testing](https://sched.co/1u5kt)**<br>
  by Edmo Vamerlatti Costa, Elastic<br> Tuesday, April 1 • 17:15 - 17:25
- **[⚡ Lightning Talk: From HAR To OpenTelemetry Trace: Redefining Your Observability](https://sched.co/1u5kq)**<br>
  by Antonio Jimenez Martinez, Cisco ThousandEyes<br> Tuesday, April 1 • 17:15 -
  17:25

> <!-- ## OpenTelemetry Observatory

Author: @open-telemetry/sig-end-user-approvers, does anyone know if the Observatory is happening again this year? I couldn't find any mention of it on the Kubecon or Observability Day sites. Thanks!

- **[The State of Prometheus and OpenTelemetry Interoperability](https://sched.co/1txIA)**<br>
  by Arthur Sens, Grafana & Juraj Michálek, Swiss RE<br> Friday, April 4 •
  11:45 - 12:15
- **[Fluent Bit v4: A Decade of Innovation and What’s Next](https://sched.co/1ue2s)**<br>
  by Eduardo Silva, Chronosphere<br> Friday, April 4 • 13:45 - 14:15
- **[Smooth Scaling With the OpAMP Supervisor: Managing Thousands of OpenTelemetry Collectors](https://sched.co/1txID)**<br>
  by Evan Bradley, Dynatrace & Andy Keller, observIQ<br> Friday, April 4 •
  13:45 - 14:15
- **[Evolving OpenID Connect and Observability in Keycloak](https://sched.co/1td1c)**<br>
  by Ryan Emerson, Red Hat & Takashi Norimatsu, Hitachi<br> Friday, April 4 •
  14:30 - 15:00
- **[How To Supercharge AI/ML Observability With OpenTelemetry and Fluent Bit](https://sched.co/1txAi)**<br>
  by Celalettin Calis, Chronosphere<br> Friday, April 4 • 15:15 - 15:45

## Observability Day

[Observability Day] fosters collaboration, discussion, and knowledge sharing of
cloud native observability projects. This event will be held on Tuesday, April
1, 2025, from 9:00 - 17:25. There will be several sessions on OpenTelemetry as
well.

> {{% alert title="Important access note" color="danger" %}}
> 
> You need an _all-access_ pass to attend **Observability Day**. For details, see
> [KubeCon registration][registration].
> 
> [registration]:
>   https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/register/?utm_source=opentelemetry&utm_medium=all&utm_campaign=KubeCon-EU-2025&utm_content=blog
> 
> {{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: The `[registration][]` in the first paragraph isn't resolving:

> <img width="629" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/43bd740d-5a82-4b87-9f78-0c68c4defb5c" />

This should fix it:

```suggestion
{{% alert-md title="Important access note" color="danger" %}}

You need an _all-access_ pass to attend **Observability Day**. For details, see
[KubeCon registration][registration].

[registration]:
  https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/register/?utm_source=opentelemetry&utm_medium=all&utm_campaign=KubeCon-EU-2025&utm_content=blog

{{% /alert-md %}}
```

Reviewer: Yes, that worked:

> <img width="615" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d0da2d43-7207-4743-b33f-03c1ef0f8ac8" />
